
To do list for Greg on myairsample-alpha – 6/22/2013

Are "MyAirSample.org" and the sub-header bolded?  If so, unbold; if not, can we find a common font 
that is less boldy

Use same font type for page links as for the report font (i.e., the non-footed font)

Blue question mark boxes square, not vertical rectangles (same for add more chemicals + box)

"Click on the blue question marks for instructions..." black text just like the report text, not blue text; 
only turns into blue text when they actually click on a blue question mark

"Click on the blue question marks..." goes away/is replaced by whatever the text is for each blue 
question mark

Report title needs a blue question mark, too

Generate report button needs a blue question mark, too

Tabbing within Chemical name and Measured value should go left to right and then down to the next 
chemical name

Tabbing should not tab to blue question marks or add more chemical option

Change add more chemicals to lowercase

Select font same type as the rest of report, just smaller – right now it looks like it's courier or something 
like that

If possible, implement a warning that a chemical is not in the database or is misspelled here, 
once they tab or move out of a chemical name box – have that warning come up in red text 
with three exclamation points at the beginning and end of the warning.

Blue question mark material to enter:

Chemical name

Measured value

Have the above 2 blue question marks all bring up this same blurb about both of them:

Enter chemicals of interest and their measured levels.  If you are
working from bucket results, enter the chemicals for which there was a
measurable concentration (instead of ND or nondetect).  You should be
able to use common synonyms for the chemicals, but abbreviations might
need to be spelled out.  Be sure that all of the values you enter are
in the units that you select for "Units your measured values are in
(input)"


add more chemicals

Click on the green plus sign to enter additional chemicals into your report.

Report title

Organization name 1

Organization name 2

Have the above three blue question marks all bring up this same blurb about all three of 
them:

What you enter for Organization name 1 and Organization name 2 will be
used for the sub-titles of your report.  Your entries will appear at
the top of the first page of your report.  If you would prefer to
title your report with information other than an organization name,
you can enter whatever you would like for report sub-titles into one
or both of these two boxes.  Text entered under Organization name 1
appears on the second line of the first page of your report as "For
Organization name 1", and text entered under Organization name 2
appears on the third line as "Organization name 2".  If they are left
blank, they do not appear in the report.  The first line (title) of
all reports is "Levels of Concern Report" regardless of what is
entered in Organization name 1 and 2.

Sample identifying name

You can enter a name for the sample here.  If you are working with
bucket results, the air collected in one bucket on one date is the
sample.  You might have a name you want to use for this bucket sample
or you might not.  It is optional to enter a sample identifying name.
If entered, the sample identifying name will appear on the first page
of the report.  Examples of possible sample identifying names include
"Sample from Ms. Jones' house" and "RAN project sample 1" – these
would return on the report as "Sample identifying name: Sample from
Ms.  Jones' house" and "Sample identifying name: RAN project sample 1"

Date sample was taken

You can enter the date the sample was taken here.  It is optional to enter a date.  If entered, 
this date will appear on the first page of the report.  If you are working with bucket results, 
the date the sample was taken would be the date the bucket was used to collect the air at the 
sample location.  You can also enter a time here, and you can enter the date and/or time in 
any format you want.  Examples of possible entries here include "6/22/2013", "June 22, 2013 
5pm", "6:42 pm on 6-22-2013", and "summertime" – these would return on the report as "Date 
sample was taken: 6/22/2013", "Date sample was taken: June 22, 2013 5pm", etc.

Location sample was taken at

Here you can enter the location where the sample was taken.  If you
are working with bucket results, this would be the address or some
other name for the location where the bucket was put to collect the
air sample.  It is optional to enter a location for the sample.  If
entered, the location will appear on the first page of the report.
For example, if you enter "1200 Main Street" it will appear on the
report as "Location sample was taken at: 1200 Main Street" and if you
enter "My house" it will appear as "Location sample was taken at: my
house"

+ templatize the html report
+ standards.py: clean up whitespace in datatables
+ implement links in PDF documents (and markdown_ltx)

